This is the README file for version 1.0 of the Jala Javascript Library.


About Jala
----------

Jala is an open-source collection of JavaScript modules for Helma Object 
Publisher. Copyright 2004 ORF Online und Teletext GmbH, Vienna (Austria). You 
can find more information about each module in the API Documentation located in 
the ``docs'' directory.


Licensing
---------

Jala itself is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, but parts of Jala require 
third party libraries coming with different licenses. You can find all necessary 
information in the ``licenses'' directory.


Installation
------------

Move the Jala folder into the ``modules'' directory of your Helma installation. 
To include a certain Jala module simply add the following line to your Helma 
application's source code (replace [jalaModule] with the desired module name):

app.addRepository("./modules/jala/[jalaModule].js");

If you want to include the whole Jala package at once, you can use the ``all'' 
module for convenience:

app.addRepository("./modules/jala/all.js");

Alternatively, you can import the Jala module from within Helma's 
apps.properties file (replace [appName] with the name of your Helma application, 
[X] with a number between 0 and 9 and [jalaModule] with the desired module 
name):

[appName].respository.[X] = ./modules/jala/[jalaModule].js

More information about the addRepository method and generally including 
repositories in a Helma application is available at 
http://helma.org/stories/77712/.


Important note using jala.Mp3Info
---------------------------------

jala.Mp3Info requires the Java package de.ueberdosis.mp3info.ID3Reader. Due to 
license restrictions you need to manually download the JAR file providing the 
package from http://www.ueberdosis.de/java/id3.html and install it in Jala's 
``lib'' directory.


Contact, Bugs and Feedback
--------------------------

The Jala Project is currently hosted at https://OpenSVN.csie.org/traccgi/jala/ 
providing all necessary information about Subversion access, Ticketing, Releases 
etc.

For immediate contact you can reach the developers via jaladev@gmail.com.

...
